Clarify support for stable components using CosmosDB as example (#4035)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/certification-lifecycle.md

- The component has been available as Alpha or Beta for at least 1 minor version release of Dapr runtime prior
- A maintainer will address component security, core functionality and test issues according to the Dapr support policy and issue a patch release that includes the patched stable component

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> While Dapr claims a component is stable, it is based on Dapr's tests and not a guarantee of support by any specific vendor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable Dapr components are based on Dapr certification and conformance tests and are not a guarantee of support by any specific vendor, where the vendor's SDK is used as part of the component.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good

> Dapr tests guarantee the stability of a component independent of a third party vendor's stability status. This is because the meaning of stable (or alpha and beta) can vary for each vendor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr component tests guarantee the stability of a component independent of a third party vendor's declared stability status for any SDKs used. This is because the meaning of stable (for example alpha, beta, stable) can vary for each vendor. 
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good.
